Zicheng is fine
It's okay if you don't shut up for your sake
Zicheng, do you still have chest pain recently?
It hurts, why doesn't it hurt?
I can't find anything when I go to the hospital.
The family has contacted the divine doctor Mu Chunfeng.
There should be news soon.
Well, you can skip the trip.
What do you mean?
I introduce you to a genius doctor
Just touch it.
Just touch it
You've got to be kidding me!
Don't believe it.
Do you remember my old problem?
Yeah, he did.
What is the name of that genius doctor?
I'll drop by another day
Let him take a look at it for me
No need for another day
Come today.
today
Xiaoyue is not the genius doctor you mentioned, right?
I don't believe it.
Miss Su, I have a name
My name is Xiao Fan
Good doctor, please show me
What if you look good?
I believe you are a miracle doctor
If you can't see it well, hum.
You are not sick
Look at Zhang Yun
My chest has been hurting for so long
He said there was nothing wrong with me.
Isn't this talking nonsense, Xiaofan?
Did you read it wrong?
I read it right
He's not sick, so why is he?
That's because there are worms sucking blood on his heart